I was thinking of David because you wrote Fiche.
That was my next question.
Well, I haven't talked for two years now, and it doesn't look like I'm actually more than that, four years.
But it is kind of interesting that you have two of the most prominent and successful children's book writer-illustrators,
You know, we're here in Providence and at the same school in that time.
Well, you know, we're both here because Ristie's here.
And, you know... Is that a school too fascinating?
Well, sure it does.
Sure it does.
So I didn't study illustration in the school.
And actually, David didn't either.
He studied architecture.
And maybe that tells you something, doesn't it?
It does.
I don't know.
I don't know what it tells us.
That we didn't discover what we should have done while we were still in college.
Did you have any questions for me?
Would you kindly inscribe this book for Connie and for Nick Mads, please?
Do you have a card for you?
Now that I know where you live, I'll be pleased to send you copies of the piece if you'd like.
No, I'd like to shoot a couple of
C-O-M-N-R-E?
C-O-M-N-
Great.
Thank you.
And this is with Viking, and the first collaboration is with Hogan-Metlin.
Right.
With whom you are still involved.
Viking, you know, I'll bid Hogan.
They have the privilege of publishing it.
Where it goes.
I thought that's dry now, I'm sure.
you know if you don't mind would you just because i have this would you just would you mind just signing this little suite of her this is kind of nice we're rather determined collectors i should point out i did an interview with mark last year on his novel and i brought along
Swan Lake, which you had signed for me some years earlier.
And he said, separately, we've signed thousands of these, but he says, I think there can only be a handful of books that you've done.
Well, there's one in Seattle, I know, because when I was out in Seattle, somebody came to a book signing with one that Mark had signed.
I went to him with one that you had signed, and he was quite impressed by that.
So therefore, we probably have a pretty good deal.
Do you want to take a couple of shots?
No, no.
Any funny things sticking out of the top of my head?
I think you look good.